Update procedure for Che v7.41 and earlier (#2269)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/upgrading-che-7-41-on-openshift.adoc

:navtitle: Upgrading {prod-short} {prod-last-version-pre-dwo} on OpenShift
:keywords: administration-guide, migration, devworkspace
:page-aliases: 

[id="upgrading-{prod-id-short}-{prod-last-version-pre-dwo}-on-openshift_{context}"]
= Upgrading {prod-short} {prod-last-version-pre-dwo} on OpenShift

> A new workspace engine, the {devworkspace}, and a new authentication system has been introduced in version {prod-first-version-using-dwo} of {prod}. Upgrading from version {prod-last-version-pre-dwo} or earlier requires to follow the migration procedure described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workspace engine and authentication system used until version {prod-last-version-pre-dwo} are deprecated. Upgrading from version {prod-last-version-pre-dwo} requires manual steps.
```
